SAMPLES

01-gpiosimple		Simple GPIO usage, blinking Act LED
02-screenpixel		Setting pixels on screen
03-screentext		Writing text to screen, debug_hexdump() and assert usage
04-timer		Interrupt driven timer, exception handler demonstration
05-usbsimple		Displaying USB device descriptor of root hub
06-ethernet		Receiving broadcasts from Ethernet
07-usbstorage		Displaying partition table from master boot record (MBR)
08-usbkeyboard	[PnP]	Echoing typed characters to screen, or keyboard raw mode
09-softserial		GPIO interrupt demonstration, serial interface via non-UART GPIO-pins
10-usbmouse	[PnP]	Little painting program with USB mouse support
11-gpioclock		Using GPIO clock 0 to generate a square wave signal and sampling this signal to display it
12-pwmsound		Using PWM device and DMA controller to playback a short sound sample
13-pwmoutput		Using PWM device to continously change the brightness of a connected LED
14-usbprinter		Printing some text lines on an USB printer (GDI printers do not work)
15-files		Root directory listing of a connected USB drive, writing and reading the file "circle.txt"
16-i2cping		Transfering data blocks between two Raspberry Pis connected via I2C
17-fractal		Displaying a fractal image from a Mandelbrot set (may be build for single- or multi-core)
18-ntptime	[PnP]	Setting the system time from an Internet time (NTP) server, reducing boot time
19-tasks		Demonstrating the cooperative non-preemtive scheduler
20-tcpsimple		Simple TCP echo server
21-webserver		Simple HTTP webserver which controls the Act LED
23-spisimple		Transfers some data bytes to/from a SPI slave device. Dumps the received bytes.
24-hwrandom		Demonstrating the hardware random number generator.
25-spidma		Transfers some data bytes to/from a SPI slave device using DMA.
26-cpustress		Calculates fractal images to stress the CPU. Displays a SoC temperature chart.
27-usbgamepad	[PnP]	Displaying information about an attached USB gamepad and its current state.
28-touchscreen		Displaying touch events from the official Raspberry Pi touch screen.
29-miniorgan	[PnP]	Mini organ instrument using PWM, HDMI, I2S or USB sound, (USB or serial) MIDI or USB keyboard.
30-gpiofiq		Demonstrating FIQ-driven fast GPIO event capture and a tracing class.
31-webclient		Fetching a RPi hardware revision list from a HTTP webserver and parsing it.
32-i2cshell	[PnP]	Command line tool for interactive communication with I2C devices.
33-syslog		Demonstrating how to send log messages to a syslog server using UDP.
34-sounddevices		Integrating multiple sound devices in one application
35-mqttclient		Demonstrating the MQTT client
36-softpwm		Using the class CUserTimer to implement software PWM
37-showgamepad	[PnP]	Shows a stylised gamepad on screen and the state of an attached USB gamepad.
38-bootloader		HTTP- and TFTP-based bootloader with Web front-end
39-umsdplugging	[PnP]	Plug in and remove USB flash drives, list directory
40-irqlatency	[PnP]	Displays the maximum measured IRQ latency
41-screenanimations	2D graphical shapes demo on screen without flickering or screen tearing
42-soundinput		I2S or USB to PWM sound data converter and digital sound recorder

Samples marked with [PnP] are enabled for USB plug-and-play.
