README

Circle does not support USB hot-plugging, but USB mass-storage devices ("UMSD",
e.g. flash drives) can be attached to a running system and mounted on
application request. Removing an UMSD from a running system is possible too,
after the application unmounted the file system and called a function to disable
the USB device. This sample program demonstrates, how this can be accomplished.

An USB keyboard has to be attached to your Raspberry Pi, before it is started
with this sample installed. The USB flash drive should not be connected, when
the Raspberry Pi is started. After system initialization the application prompts
you, to plug in the USB flash drive and to press the RETURN key. Because you
need a second USB port now, Raspberry Pi models with only one USB port cannot be
used without an external USB hub.

Just plug in an USB flash drive, which contains a FAT file system. For safety it
should not contain important data. After pressing the RETURN key, the USB will
be re-scanned by Circle (in m_USBHCI.ReScanDevices ()) and the USB flash drive
should be detected and mounted afterwards. The sample program displays a listing
of the root directory of the flash drive then, if there are files on the drive.

Next the file system will be unmounted immediately, the USB device will be
disabled and removed from the system. You will be prompted to remove the USB
flash drive physically from the USB port. Just do it and press RETURN, when you
have done. After completion the process is started again. You can plug in the
same or a different USB flash drive in the next run.

Circle comes with two different implementations of a FAT file system driver
(with different APIs). By default this sample uses the CFATFileSystem class in
lib/fs/fat/. If you want to use the FatFs file system module in addon/fatfs/,
you have to define "USE_FATFS = 1" in the Makefile of the sample. Additionally
the library in addon/fatfs/ must be built manually, before entering "make" in
this sample's directory. This is not required in the default case.
